Starter Disruption Documentation (#263)
openshift/ci-docs: content/en/docs/release-oversight/disruption-testing/job-primer.md

## High Level Diagram

{{< inlineSVG file="/static/job_primer_diagram.svg" >}}

### How The Data Flows

1. We first look at the `origin/release` repo to gather a list of the current release jobs that were created. The below command is ran to look through the current configuration and generate the job names.

   ```sh
   ./job-run-aggregator generate-job-names > pkg/jobrunaggregator/jobtableprimer/generated_job_names.txt
   ```

1. That `generated_jobs_names.txt` is then committed to the repo.

   **You must then rebuild the binary so the newly generated list is correctly embedded.**

1. We then create the jobs in the BigQuery table by running the `prime-job-table` command. This will use the embedded `generated_jobs_names.txt` data and generate the `Jobs` rows based off of the naming convention (see below). After which the `Jobs` table should be updated with the latest jobs.

   ```sh
   ./job-run-aggregator prime-job-table
   ```

### Naming Convention

> Please make sure your job names follow the convention defined below. All job names must include addiqute information to allow proper data aggragetion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure your job names follow the convention defined below. All job names must include adequate information to allow proper data aggregation.
```

Author: updated

{{% pageinfo color="primary" %}}

- Platform:
  - aws, gcp, azure, etc...
- Architecture: (default: `amd64`)
  - arm64, ppc64le, s390x
- Upgrade: (default: `assumes NOT upgrade`)
  - upgrade
- Network: (default: `sdn && ipv4`)
  - sdn, ovn
  - ipv6, ipv4
- Topology: (default: `assumes ha`)
  - single
- Serial: (default: `assumes parallel`)
  - serial

> {{% /pageinfo %}}

Reviewer: This is good stuff, it may be better suited elsewhere in the future, as if you're adding a new job, you're probably not looking at this page. Fine to have it here for now.

Reviewer 2: Yup my thought as well, we'll move it somewhere else as we build out the synthetic tests docs

Reviewer 2: After this PR, we'll add some tags and categories to link up docs a bit easier with the taxonomies
